docs: remove API Reference overview pages, fold into endpoints (#389)
DeepLcom/api-docs: api-reference/usage-and-quota/check-usage-and-limits.mdx

---
openapi: get /v2/usage
title: "Check usage and limits"

> description: "Retrieve character usage and account limits for the current billing period."

Author: **Frontmatter description not action-oriented**

The description 'Retrieve character usage and account limits for the current billing period.' is noun-phrase oriented rather than action-oriented. Per CLAUDE.md, descriptions should tell developers what they'll learn or do, using 'Learn how to X' framing or imperative phrasing.

```suggestion
description: "Check how many characters your account has used and the limits for the current billing period."
```
